Maya: Oh my god, I am so sorry. The train was an absolute nightmare. A "signal problem" at the last stop, whatever that means.

Liam: Let me guess, you were trapped underground for 20 minutes with no service, contemplating all your life choices?

Maya: Exactly! You know the drill. Have you been waiting long?

Liam: Nah, just got here myself. Gave me a chance to conquer the final level of this ridiculous game I downloaded. Want anything? I was about to grab another coffee. My treat, for your troubles.

Maya: You are a lifesaver. Just a large iced latte, please. I feel like I haven't had caffeine in years.

Liam: One life-giving elixir, as requested. So, rough morning or just a rough week?

Maya: Ugh, just the week. You know that project I told you about at work? The one with the impossible deadline?

Liam: The "Phoenix Project"? Sounds dramatic.

Maya: It is dramatic. My boss decided to move the presentation up to this Monday. This Monday. I basically lived in my office the last two days. I think my desk plant is now my closest friend.

Liam: Oof, that's brutal. Does your desk plant at least listen to you vent?

Maya: It's a very good listener. Doesn't offer much in the way of advice, though. Anyway, enough about my work-pocalypse. What's new with you? Did you ever fix that leaky faucet?

Liam: I did. After watching three YouTube tutorials and accidentally spraying water all over the kitchen, I am now a certified, semi-competent plumber. Chloe was very impressed. For about five minutes. Then she asked me to fix the wobbly leg on the dining table.

Maya: The hero's work is never done. Oh! Speaking of Chloe, did you guys decide on where you're going for your anniversary?

Liam: We're thinking of just driving up the coast for a weekend. Find some little town, eat too much seafood, and unplug. I just want to go somewhere where my phone doesn't work for a couple of days, you know?

Maya: I have never been more jealous of anything in my entire life. Take me with you. I'll fit in a suitcase.

Liam: Only if you promise not to talk about the Phoenix Project.

Maya: Deal. Oh, I almost forgot to tell you! Guess who I ran into at the grocery store yesterday?

Liam: Let's see... based on your tone... not an ex-boyfriend. Was it Mrs. Davison from high school?

Maya: No, even better. It was Sam.

Liam: No way! Sam from the study abroad trip? The one who tried to cook a full English breakfast with a hairdryer?

Maya: The one and only! He looks exactly the same, just with a slightly more responsible haircut. He's a graphic designer now. We're actually going to grab a drink with a few of the old group next week if you're free?

Liam: Yeah, definitely! That sounds awesome. Just text me the details. Wow. A hairdryer. I’d completely forgotten about that.

Maya: Some things you just can't make up. Anyway, this latte is amazing. Thanks again, Liam. I really needed this.

Liam: Anytime. That's what I'm here for. To provide caffeine and remind you of stories involving questionable appliance usage.